♪ ♪
- Welcome, welcome, welcome
to "Last Week Tonight."
I'm John Oliver.
Thank you so much
for joining us.
And we must begin tonight
with James Comey,
who just an hour ago,
sat down for an eye-catching
interview with ABC.
Now, we haven't seen it yet,
because we tape this show
at 7:00,
but even just the clips
this week
have been tantalizing.
- I start to tell him about
the allegation was that he had
been involved with prostitutes
in a hotel in Moscow in 2013
during a visit
for the Miss Universe pageant,
and that the Russians
had filmed the episode.
- Really weird.
- Yeah, James Comey
thought that conversation
was "really weird."
And I will remind you,
that this is a man
who has seen
Anthony Weiner's emails.
And, look, the Comey interview
is just the end
of a ludicrously dramatic week
that started with this.
- Breaking news tonight,
and it's a bombshell.
The FBI raids the office
of President Trump's
personal lawyer, Michael Cohen.
- It's true.
The President's personal lawyer
got raided.
Which has apparently left Trump
"pissed, flailing, and upset"
with "anger beyond
what anyone can imagine."
Which is really
saying something,
given that Trump's anger level
is permanently
somewhere between
"child who accidentally
ate a pound of cocaine throwing
a tantrum in a Kmart"
and "Alec Baldwin after being
told the other party
"is finishing dessert
and the table's going to be
another 10 or 15 minutes."
Now, Cohen dominated
the news for days,
particularly when it emerged
that Donald Trump
was not
the only political figure
for whom he'd arranged
hush money.
- Top Republican fundraiser
Elliott Broidy
says Cohen negotiated
a settlement
reportedly worth $1.6 million
with a former
"Playboy" playmate
who claims she became pregnant
as a result
of a consensual affair.
Today,
Broidy resigned his post.
- Yes, the deputy finance chair
of the RNC cheated on his wife
with a former "Playboy" model
and paid her off
and has now resigned,
presumably so he
can start his new job
as a big ol' bullfrog
who sits on a lily pad
all the doo-dah day.
Now, on top of all of this,
Speaker of the House
Paul Ryan
unexpectedly announced
he wouldn't seek reelection,
Trump pardoned Scooter Libby,
and it came to light
that "The National Enquirer"
may have paid a doorman
at Trump World Tower
to keep quiet about rumors
that Trump had fathered
a secret child with
his housekeeper in the 1980s.
Oh, and on Friday night,
we bombed Syria.
And look, there are those
who would argue
that something had to be done
in response to Assad's
suspected chemical attack.
But there
are legitimate debates
over whether Trump
had the authorization
to order these strikes
and whether this risks
drawing us
into a longer-term conflict
for which we have
no clear strategy.
But don't worry on that front,
because Trump
has already declared
"mission accomplished,"
something even Ari Fleischer,
George W. Bush's
press secretary,
responded to by saying,
"I would have recommended
ending this tweet
with not those two words."
But this morning, in
a not-remotely-surprising turn,
Trump doubled down
on the phrase.
- President Trump defended the
use of "mission accomplished,"
tweeting: "The Syrian raid was
so perfectly carried out
"with such precision that the
only way the fake news media
"could demean was by my use
"of the term
'mission accomplished.'
"I knew they would seize
on this
"but felt it is such
a great military term
it should be brought back.
Use often!"
It does not fill you
with confidence
to have a president
who announces,
"I know I'm repeating one of
"the most notorious
political blunders
"in recent history.
I meant to do it.
Everyone should do it, and I'm
gonna do it again forever."
I've got to say, if Trump's
intention was to descend so far
into self-parody
that he's somehow burrowed
through the earth's crust
and come out the other side,
mission fucking accomplished.
And now, this...
- I don't know how much hip-hop
you listen to.
There is a famous song,
"It's Going Down in the DM."
That refers to what happens
with direct messaging.
You know, we're talking
about Rick Gates.
I don't know if you ever listen
to the rapper Kevin Gates
who says,
"All my diamonds shining
'cause they're
really diamonds."
Call it the Dr. Dre rule
of politics.
When you diss Trump,
you diss yourself.
Lauryn Hill famously said,
"It ain't about what you cop,
it's about what you keep."
To paraphrase Kanye West,
you'll have to wait
for the 35th of nevuary.
The 35th of nevuary.
Well, you know what
Kanye calls that
is the 35th of nevuary.
I'm worried
that we're gonna run out
of our Kanye references.
Here's how the rapper Drake
explains that narrative lesson,
"You can't listen to me talk
and then tell my story."
and go tell my story. Nah.
It don't work like that
when you love somebody."
There's a saying in hip-hop
that can also apply
to Russian meddling.
"Can't stop, won't stop."
My view is,
"I am heavy on the beat.
Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I
tell you that?"
- Word up.
- Word.
- Moving on.
Our main story tonight
involves taxes,
essentially,
the government's GoFundMe page.
Now, today is April 15, which
means you have just 45 minutes
to file your taxes,
except relax. Don't panic.
because thanks to the weekend
and a holiday,
the deadline is actually
April 17th this year.
Except don't relax.
Do panic.
That's still not enough time
to do it right.
You're fucked.
You're absolutely fucked.
And you're going to jail,
Anthony.
Many people are perplexed and
mystified by our tax system,
perhaps best exemplified
by this Instagram video
from Cardi B.
- You know, the government
is taking 40% of my taxes.
and, Uncle Sam, I want to know
what you are doing
with my fucking tax money.
what is y'all niggas doing
with my fucking money?
What is y'all doing
I want to know.
I want receipts.
I want everything.
I want to know
what y'all niggas
doing with my fucking money.
What is y'all niggas doing
with my fucking money.
Uncle Sam,
I wanna know what the fuck
y'all doing with my
motherfucking money.
- Well--Well, Cardi,
if you really want to know
where your money's going,
may I present to you
the recently-passed
omnibus spending package!
Whoo!
Because it turns out, Cardi,
your fuckin' money
goes to your fuckin' military,
your fuckin' health care,
and your fuckin'
social security
and veteran
and unemployment benefits.
Everything else is just some
fuckin' discretionary shit
and, of course, interest.
Now, as you may recall,
late last year,
Republicans passed
and Donald Trump signed,
a tax reform bill.
And in selling it,
Trump made some clear promises
about who stood to benefit.
- Our focus is
on helping the folks
who work in the mailrooms and
the machine shops of America.
The plumbers, the carpenters,
the cops, the teachers,
the truck drivers,
the pipe fitters,
the people that like me best.
- Well,
that's clearly nonsense.
Because if this bill were
really helping the people
that like Donald Trump best,
it would exclusively benefit
Eric Trump, Roseanne Barr,
and anyone who has
ever looked both ways
before whispering,
"It was the Jews."
And the truth is, for all
Trump's talk of pipe fitters,
the biggest tax rate cut,
by far,
actually goes to businesses,
with the top
federal corporate tax rate--
the tax
on a company's profits--
going from 35% to just 21%.
And, to be fair, many
policy makers on both sides
had argued
that the 35% federal rate,
among the highest in the world,
should actually come down.
But to be even fairer,
most companies didn't pay 35%.
In fact, before the bill was
signed, the effective rate--
the amount companies actually
paid--was closer to 24%.
And some large companies
have historically paid
far less than that.
You may remember
a few years ago,
people were furious about this.
- GE had profits of
$14.2 billion in 2010,
$5 billion of that
made in the United States,
but the company's expected
U.S. tax bill?
A grand total of $0.
- Okay,
so when the total is zero,
you can't call it
a "grand total."
There is literally
no total less grand,
except maybe Total cereal,
and that's just because
it tastes like your spoon
somehow missed the cereal
and now you're just eating
the box that it came in.
And GE may well say,
"Well, hold on.
That's just one year."
But a recent study found
that between 2008 and 2015,
18 large, profitable companies,
including General Electric,
paid no federal income tax
at all over the entire period.
None at all,
and that is a staggering total.
Which is what they used to call
"Total with Raisins"
until they got more honest
and changed it to
"Total with Raisins
But Who Gives a Shit."
So tonight,
in honor of upcoming tax day,
we thought we'd give
you just a glimpse
of the lengths companies
will go to
to legally avoid taxes,
both here and abroad.
Now, corporate tax avoidance
has a long and infuriatingly
proud history.
In the 1980s, for instance,
a lawyer named John Carroll Jr.
came up with a tactic to move
U.S. companies offshore
to avoid taxes, and his firm
celebrated him with--
and this is true--
a 13-minute operetta
staged in his
New York apartment.
And I'll give you
just a very small taste.
- Wow.
We may have just found
the only musical resistant
to race-blind casting.
You can't go "Hamilton"
on this one,
because those people
really have to be white.
Now, the tax dodge being
celebrated there
involved taking
an American company
and headquartering it
in Panama,
where taxes were lower,
something its creator
called "the Panama Scoot,"
which sounds like
the name of a tiny elf
in a cowboy hat.
"Howdy there.
My name's Panama Scoot,
and I sleep in your boot!"
And offshore scooting
is actually something
of a common theme
in corporate tax avoidance.
For decades, companies have
hunted for ways to get
their money to friendlier
tax havens,
like the Cayman Islands.
You may remember
that during the 2012 election,
it emerged that Mitt Romney
had money in companies
in the Caymans, which led
to this magnificent clip
of John Stossel
saying the one thing
he probably
shouldn't be saying
to the person he's speaking to.
- Mitt Romney pays taxes
and all the money earned
from the Cayman entities.
- I would think it would be
like pirate heaven.
Some pirate would go
and steal all the money.
- Oh! Come on, Stossel!
Come on!
You can't say the word "pirate"
to a guy with an eye patch!
You can't!
It's not fair.
It's like me sitting down
across from you
and calling you
"Bootleg Geraldo."
Yes, yes, it's obvious,
but it's also lazy and hurtful.
That's an indoor thought.
And tax havens have become
magnets to corporations
who try and shift
as much of their profits
there as possible.
It's a major reason why,
in 2016,
nearly 2/3 of the profits
made by American multinationals
outside the U.S. were booked
in just six low
or zero-tax countries.
And it's a lot easier
to move profits offshore
than you might think.
- An increasingly popular way
particularly pharmaceutical
and high-tech companies like
Google avoid paying the 35%
is to shift their patents,
computer code,
pill formulas, even logos
from their U.S. bases
to their outpost
in low-tax countries.
- Today, a company can move
predominantly all of its assets
just on paper.
- You can push a button
and move your algorithms,
you know, or--
- Or Coca-Cola
could take their recipe
out of the vault.
- Yeah, yeah.
- And put it in a Swiss vault.
- And then it's Swiss.
- Yeah.
Coke could put their recipe
in a Swiss vault,
and their profits
would move offshore.
That is roughly how it works.
Although for the record,
just being in a Swiss vault
doesn't automatically
make something Swiss.
That's why we don't call
this "Swiss gold."
We call it "Nazi gold."
Those are Hitler bucks,
you Swiss fucks.
And this happens all the time,
and the best innovators
in Weaselly accounting
have arguably
been tech companies.
Look at Apple.
For years,
they've been deferring
paying U.S. taxes
on foreign profits
by stashing the money
overseas
and not bringing it back,
so much so that,
at the end of last year,
they had $269 billion
parked overseas.
And when their CEO, Tim Cook,
appeared in front of Congress
a few years back, he was
very defensive about that.
- We pay all the taxes we owe,
every single dollar.
We don't move intellectual
property offshore
and use it to sell our products
back to the United States
to avoid taxes.
We don't stash money
on some Caribbean island.
- Now, he was technically
correct there.
Because Apple didn't stash
their money
on a Caribbean island.
They did, however,
have it stashed
on this island, Ireland.
Which is, it is true,
not in the Caribbean.
So one word made
a lot of difference there.
It's like if somebody said,
"The one thing I can promise
you is that this refrigerator
is absolutely not
full of severed
Caribbean heads."
Maybe that is technically true,
but I'm still gonna pass
on the sparkling water.
And when Ireland indicated
that it planned
to change its tax laws,
Apple found a new shelter
for profits on this island,
the Isle of Jersey, a tax haven
in the English Channel,
which is, again, not
technically in the Caribbean.
Although when you really
look at it,
you could almost mistake it
for the Caribbean
if you squint a little,
drink nine pints of beer,
and hold a picture of the
Caribbean in front of it.
Now, meanwhile, Google
used a slightly different
tax workaround,
sending its money on something
of a world tour.
- Google licensed some
of the intellectual property
it created here in the U.S.
to a subsidiary in Ireland.
But it turns out Google's
overseas profits
don't even get taxed there
because Google then reportedly
funnels those profits
through the Netherlands
and then to,
of all places, Bermuda,
where the corporate
tax rate is zero.
- Now, that tax trick
actually has a name.
It's called the double Irish
with a Dutch sandwich,
which sounds like
a disgusting sex act
or an even more disgusting
Waffle House menu item.
It's when someone opens up
a baked potato,
farts in it, and closes
it again really quick.
That's what it is.
That is exactly what it is.
And when Google's CFO was asked
about their tax policies
at a conference,
his answer nearly got him
laughed off the stage.
- We pay all our taxes
in every jurisdiction
to the full extent
that the law allows us.
And that's what we do.
We pay every penny of tax
we owe to everybody everywhere.
- Okay, the reaction
to the sentence
"I pay all my taxes" should
never be incredulous laughter
unless you are
a very wealthy dog
who has just spoken
for the first time.
And here is where I have some
good news and some bad news.
The good news is
that Trump's tax bill
actually forces companies
to pay taxes
on all the money
they've stashed overseas.
The hope is that they'll
then bring it home
in something
called "repatriation."
The bad news is, the tax
they're being forced to pay,
which may've once been
35%, remember,
has been slashed to
as little as 8% to 15%,
which seems less like
a punishment
and a lot more like
actively rewarding companies
for tax avoidance.
But Steve Mnuchin,
Treasury Secretary
and objectively
good-looking man,
argued that this would be
a huge benefit
to America's workers.
- We will have a one-time tax
on overseas profits
which will bring back
trillions of dollars
that are offshore
to be invested here in
the United States
to purchase capital
and to create jobs.
- Now, I know it was hard
to pay attention
to what he was saying,
'cause you just automatically
undressing the guy
with your eyes,
and you do it whenever
he opens his mouth.
Am I right?
I'm definitely right.
The guy's a California 10.
He's a smoke show.
But what he's saying there is,
giving these companies
a break on the taxes
they owe is worth it
because it will lead
to job creation.
And that is hard
to completely disprove,
because anything,
theoretically,
could lead to jobs.
You can say
"I'm dipping this badger
in fudge to create jobs."
And I can't prove
that you won't create
any jobs by doing that.
But I would argue that,
if creating jobs
is your main goal, there are
probably better ways to do it.
Now, luckily,
we actually have the benefit
of a test case here,
because in 2004,
we basically did
the exact same thing
under the American Jobs
Creation Act.
It offered
a one-year tax holiday
where companies could
bring back overseas profits
at just a 5% tax rate.
The idea was that they would
then create jobs.
But when the Senate looked
at the employment numbers
of the 15 companies that
brought back the most money,
This is what they found:
these are the average numbers
of U.S. jobs at those companies
over a five-year span.
Here is where the big,
supposedly job-creating
tax holiday kicked in,
and that
is pretty fucking
underwhelming.
I'd argue that's the most
useless, ineffective holiday
since Arbor Day,
and I'm sorry, Arbor Day.
But you're Secretary's Day
for trees,
and we all need to accept that.
In fact, instead of hiring
workers, across the board,
companies mostly rewarded
their shareholders,
using 94 cents out of every
dollar they brought home
on stock buybacks
and dividends,
something you can read about
in the bestselling book
"Yeah, No Fucking Shit They
Did That" by acclaimed author
"Everyone Who Knows Anything
About Corporations."
And look,
for many of those companies,
that may have been
the best use of their money.
There is no point in hiring
people that you don't need,
but the Trump administration
is fiercely insisting
that this time,
their tax holiday
is already creating jobs.
And some companies have seemed
happy to play along.
Apple put out a press release
not long after the tax bill
was signed titled
"Apple Accelerates U.S.
Investment and Job Creation,"
bragging they were about
to create over 20,000 new jobs.
And Trump was quick
to take credit.
- President Trump tweeting
in response,
"I promise my
policies
"would allow companies
like Apple to bring
"massive amounts of money back
to the United States.
"Great to see Apple follow
through as a result of
tax cuts."
All caps.
- Okay, first, that's a solid
read from Jake Tapper there.
In fact, I think all anchors
should be forced to shout
whenever Trump uses
all caps in tweets.
I'll show you.
This morning,
the president announced
that he was,
"heading to see the...
border wall...
prototypes in California."
or, "Today, the president
wished all Americans a...
Happy Easter!"
But...
for all Trump's excitement,
those 20,000 Apple jobs
were probably going
to happen anyway,
given that the hiring
was entirely consistent
with what Apple was doing
in the United States
before the tax cut bill passed.
and Tim Cook knows this.
This is how he responded
when asked
just how much
of his hiring spree
was down to
Trump's new tax plan.
- There are large parts of this
that are a result
of the tax reform,
and there's
large parts of this
that we would have done
in any situation.
And so I haven't spent
a lot of time
in categorizing those two.
Because to me
this is about America.
It's not about which bucket
you put things in.
- Yeah, but actually,
it does matter which bucket
you put things in,
because I would rather put
things in a bucket labeled
"smart economic policy"
than one labeled
"Put money in here.
I like money.
Thanks, dummies.
Tim Cook."
And look,
there are legitimate debates
over how and how much we
should tax corporate profits,
but we just had a huge chance
to reform our tax code.
And we absolutely blew it,
because effective tax reform
is not just
about lowering rates.
It's about closing loopholes.
For instance, one reasonable
idea raised last year
was forcing companies
to pay a minimum tax
in every single country
they operate in.
It's a bit complicated,
but that may well have reduced
their abuse of tax havens.
But that proposal never even
got out of committee.
So the result here is
that our tax code is still
full of loopholes,
and however much Trump talked
about how tax reform would
benefit cops and pipe fitters,
it's worth knowing that once
he got behind closed doors,
his message seemed to change.
- We're told the president
is still celebrating
passage of the Republican
tax cut bill.
Sources
with firsthand knowledge
tells CBS news that he told
a group of wealthy people
at his exclusive
Mar-a-Lago estate,
"You all just got
a lot richer."
- That's right.
So on Tuesday, as you scrape
together your taxes,
and, like Cardi B, wonder
what Uncle Sam is doing
with your
motherfucking money,
rest assured that
Donald Trump's tax reform
continues
to let companies engage
in sophisticated
tax-avoidance schemes.
And to those companies,
I say this.
On behalf of America,
please enjoy this double Irish
with a Dutch sandwich.
I made it for you myself.
Eat it while it's hot.
And now, this.
- But the press
may need to rethink
this approach and take
some advice from Jay-Z.
"We know
the pain is real,
but you can't heal
what you never reveal."
I don't know how much
you listen to Jay-Z,
but you know he said,
"If money talks,
the whole world is about
to hear me out."
As Jay-Z would say, "Either
love me or leave me alone."
As you know Jay-Z says, "What's
better than one billionaire?
Two."
As Jay-Z said, "Men lie,
women lie,
numbers don't lie."
A wise man told me,
"Don't argue with fools,
'cause people from a distance
can't tell who is who."
"I plead the fifth
when it comes to the fam."
"I'm like a dog.
I never speak,
but I understand."
"I'm not a businessman.
I'm a business, man."
Jay-Z always says,
"The streets is watching."
"The street is watching."
- Also, nobody mentioned
reasonable doubt.
You have to acquit.
- Moving on.
Finally tonight,
we'd like to talk about Alaska,
the state we purchased
from the grizzly bears
for 50 pounds of salmon.
You stupid fucking bears.
Now, specifically,
we're going to take a look
at one of Alaska's
endangered resources.
- One of Alaska's last
Blockbuster stores
is closing
to retail sales today.
The latest closure follows
multiple Blockbusters
shutting their doors
for good in the past year.
The North Pole Blockbuster
closed in March,
the Wasilla store in January,
and the Eagle River location
last July.
- Wow.
We seem to be rapidly
losing something
I didn't even know we had,
which is a weird feeling.
it's like if Bigfoot
walked out of the woods
with a gun to his head,
saying he exists,
there were four of him,
but he just brutally murdered
his wife and two kids and he's
not feeling great about it.
Please don't do it, Bigfoot!
We'll give you a second chance
if you just let us look
at your big, weird feet!
But it's true.
Despite the fact
that Blockbuster
filed for bankruptcy in 2010,
there are apparently four
independently owned franchises
still operating in the U.S.,
three of which are in Alaska,
which actually makes
a little bit of sense.
Because internet coverage
is sparse up there,
and without unlimited data,
streaming has been expensive.
And to listen to an employee
at one of those stores,
their very presence
is almost magical.
- I have people who come
into the parking lot
just to take pictures
of the building,
people who come in
and they'll walk around,
like "Whoa."
And you know that person
hasn't been in a Blockbuster
in a long time.
You can just tell because
they'll also be like,
"Oh, my god, I can't believe
you guys are still here!"
- What a fun
but potentially
passive-aggressive
interaction that was.
"wow, I thought you has-been
losers had been thrown
"into the trash heap
of history!
"But you weren't!
Good for you!
"I'm off to stream literally
anything I want!
See ya later, punchline!"
But as internet coverage
improves,
those few remaining
Alaskan Blockbusters
are under serious threat.
If only there were a fun,
movie-themed way
for them to draw people
in, you know,
the way that planet Hollywood
sucks you in
with the chance to dine
alongside the baseball mitt
that out-acted Madonna
in "A League of Their Own"
or Patrick Swayze's
clay erection
from the movie "Ghost"
or Tom Cruise's original wife.
You know, incredible pieces
of movie history.
The problem is, there's no way
for a Blockbuster in Alaska
to get memorabilia like that.
Or is there?
Because a few weeks ago,
you may remember we told you
about "Russell Crowe:
The Art of Divorce,"
an auction in which,
to celebrate
the end of his marriage,
he was selling artifacts
from his career,
from the "Gladiator" chariot
to this leather jockstrap
he wore in the film
"Cinderella Man,"
which was expected to attract
an absolutely ridiculous $500.
Well, the auction took place
last weekend,
and you'll be glad to know
that no one paid $500
for that jockstrap.
- One of the more curious items
that went under the hammer
was a leather groin protector
used by Crowe in the film
"Cinderella Man."
It sold for $7,000
to a telephone bidder.
It's not clear what they plan
to use it for.
- Holy shit.
$7,000!
That is a big price to pay
just to find out
what Russell Crowe's
balls smelled like in 2005.
I'm guessing lilacs with just
a hint of spoiled venison.
Now, you should know,
that there's been some
speculation out there
that we were the ones
who bought the jockstrap.
And I will admit,
it does sound like something
that we would do.
You know,
buy Russell Crowe's jockstrap
and send it
to one of the last remaining
Blockbusters in Alaska.
Even that sentence
is absolutely incredible
to say out loud.
The bad news is,
we didn't do it.
I'm sorry.
It wasn't us.
We didn't buy it.
We did though.
We did.
We absolutely did.
Are you not entertained?
Now, what we didn't do,
what we didn't do,
what we did not do is buy
anything else at the auction.
Except we did though.
Because what happened was,
let me explain,
it was 4:00 a.m. over here,
and you know what happens
when you start online shopping
late at night.
You wake up the next day
and you think,
"Oh, shit,
what did I just buy?"
Well, this was very much
one of those times.
Because we didn't just get
a jockstrap.
We got a bunch of pointless
Russell Crowe memorabilia,
and I can think of no more
fitting place
for them to reside than
an Alaskan Blockbuster.
So please join me
for a guided tour.
First--come with me.
First, there is Russell Crowe's
director's chair
from the film
"American Gangster,"
a movie I had completely
forgotten he was in.
But he obviously remembered,
because he not only took
the back from his chair,
he took the one from
Denzel Washington's as well.
Which obviously we also bought.
Now--by the way,
Denzel Washington's cost
more than his.
Now, you're probably thinking:
Well, do you have one
of Russell Crowe's
iconic movie costumes?
You know, something
from the movie "Gladiator"?
Well, no, but only because
we got something even better,
The vest he wore in
"Les Misérables"!
Oh, yes,
a movie which "Tacky Vest
Weekly" called "a triumph!"
And that's not
the only costume.
Because we also got this hood
that he wore
in 2010's "Robin Hood,"
which looks like something
a circumcised penis
would wear to administer
a lethal injection.
And finally, we all know
that Russell Crowe wore
a leather jockstrap
in the film
"Cinderella Man."
And it is famously worth
$7,000.
But that movie
also apparently featured
this satin robe and gym shorts!
I presume it did.
I presume it
featured them.
To be honest, I've never seen
"Cinderella Man,"
despite now owning thousands
of dollars' worth
of props from it,
and to be honest,
I'm never going to see it.
It is $13 on amazon.
Why would I pay $13 to own
the movie "Cinderella Man"?
That's an unforgivable waste
of money.
Besides,
I don't need to see it.
I've seen the jockstrap.
I basically get it.
The point here is,
to the manager of the only
remaining Blockbuster
in Anchorage, Alaska,
at 5600 Debarr Road,
number five,
all of this shit
is yours.
Just call us
in the next 48 hours,
and we will send it to you.
And I really hope the Internet
is good enough up there
for you to see this in time,
because if we do not
hear from you
in the next two days,
I know a transportation museum
in Scranton, Pennsylvania,
that I'm sure could make room
for a new exhibit.
That's our show!
Thank you so much for watching!
See you next week!
Good night!
Are you not entertained?
♪ ♪